Added post pre-release tasks to release docs. (#19288)
django/django: docs/internals/howto-release-django.txt

#. If this was a security release, update :doc:`/releases/security` with
   details of the issues addressed.

#. If this was an ``rc`` pre-release:

   #. Update the source translation catalogs on the recently released stable
      branch:

      .. code-block:: shell

          django-admin makemessages -l en
          django-admin makemessages -l en --domain=djangojs -i views/templates/i18n_catalog.js

      Avoid committing a change to the ``.po`` files without any new
      translations (:commit:`example commit

>       <d2b1ec551567c208abfdd21b27ff6d08ae1a6371>`).

Author: I am not 100% sure the commands that are supposed to be run here. This is from reading the discussion in https://github.com/django/django/pull/17277.

> #. If this was a pre-release:
> 
>    #. Update the source translation catalogs on the recently released stable
>       branch:
> 
>       .. code-block:: shell
> 
>           django-admin makemessages -l en
>           django-admin makemessages -l en --domain=djangojs -i views/templates/i18n_catalog.js
> 
>       Avoid committing changes to the ``.po`` files without any new
>       translations (:commit:`example commit
>       <d2b1ec551567c208abfdd21b27ff6d08ae1a6371>`).
> 
>    #. Forward port the updated source translations to the ``main`` branch
>       (:commit:`example commit <aed303aff57ac990894b6354af001b0e8ea55f71>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. If this was a pre-release, the translation catalogs need to be updated:

   #. Ensure that you have checked out the recently released stable branch and
      make a new branch out of it:

      .. code-block:: shell

         git checkout stable/A.B.x
         git checkout -b update-translations-catalog-A.B.x

   #. Ensure that the proper virtualenv is enabled, enter the inner ``django``
      folder, and run this command:

      .. code-block:: shell

         $ cd django
         $ django-admin makemessages -l en --domain=djangojs --domain=django
         processing locale en

   #. Review the diff before pushing and avoid committing changes to the
      ``.po`` files without any new translations (:commit:`example commit
      <d2b1ec551567c208abfdd21b27ff6d08ae1a6371>`).

   #. Make a pull request against the corresponding stable branch. Get reviews
      and merge.

   #. Forward port the updated source translations to the ``main`` branch
      (:commit:`example commit <aed303aff57ac990894b6354af001b0e8ea55f71>`).
```

#. If this was a security release, update :doc:`/releases/security` with
   details of the issues addressed.

#. If this was a pre-release, the translation catalogs need to be updated:

   #. Make a new branch from the recently released stable branch:

      .. code-block:: shell

         git checkout stable/A.B.x
         git checkout -b update-translations-catalog-A.B.x

   #. Ensure that the release's dedicated virtual environment is enabled and
      run the following:

      .. code-block:: shell

         $ cd django

>          $ django-admin makemessages -l en --domain=djangojs --domain=django processing locale en

Reviewer: This should be two lines, the second being the shown feedback from the command:
```suggestion
         $ django-admin makemessages -l en --domain=djangojs --domain=django
         processing locale en
```
